A boy was sitting in his room with his dog, and it was night time because I can see the
moon through the window, and the boy's window is open just a little bit.
The boy and his dog are looking at a jar, and inside the jar is a little frog.
Then the boy and his dog go to sleep, but the frog climbs out of the jar because there was
no lid on the jar.
When the boy woke up in the morning, he looked down at the jar, and it was empty, and the
dog saw the empty jar too.
The boy looked in his boot, but there was no frog in the boot.
The dog looked in the jar, and got his head stuck in the jar.
Then they both looked out the window, and the boy said, frog where are you, and the dog
looked out the window as well.
The dog fell out of the window, and when he fell, the jar broke so that it was no longer
stuck on his head.
But the boy was not very happy at the dog because the dog was not being safe.
Then the boy and his dog went in the backyard, and the boy said frog where are you, and the
dog looked like he howled up at the air too, asking where the frog was.
Then the boy looked in a hole in the ground, and he said frog are you there, and the dog
was jumping up at a beehive hanging from a tree.
It's actually probably a wasp nest.
When the boy said frog where are you into the hole, a gopher came out, and it looks like
the gopher bit the boy's nose.
The dog knocked down the wasp nest, and the wasps do not look very happy.
The gopher is still looking at what the boy is doing, but now the boy is up in a tree
looking in a hole in the tree, wondering if the frog is in the tree.
The frog was not in the tree, and an owl came out, and scared the boy and knocked the boy
down to the ground.
Meanwhile, the wasps are chasing the dog.
The owl chases the boy away, and the boy says okay owl, I'll leave you alone.
So the boy climbs up onto a rock, and grabs what he thinks are branches, and says frog
where are you, and the dog is looking around too.
The boy was not holding onto branches, there was a deer behind the rock.
The boy is now, the boy fell onto the deer's head, and the deer ran off with the boy between
the deer's antlers, on the deer's head, and the deer ran to the edge of a small cliff,
and stopped abruptly, so that the boy fell off the deer's head, and down into a little
creek.
The boy fell into the water with a splash, and the boy sat up, and he held his hand to
his ear, saying what's that sound, and the dog climbed upon the boy's shoulders listening
for the sound as well.
Then the boy said shh, I think there's a frog back here, and the boy and the dog both looked
on the other side of the log, where they found two frogs, and not just two frogs, they found
a family of frogs.
Then the boy said I found my frog, thank you, and he went home.
